When I heard Skype was shutting down, I saw an opportunity. This is Dennis, a self-taught developer who came across a golden opportunity, a tweet. When I saw the tweet, I thought, why not me? Right after seeing this tweet, he got to work. He built a prototype in a weekend and got his first paying customers almost immediately. After I did this, I got my first sale in minutes. In just seven months, he went from nothing to a $14,000 per month app, and he's just getting started. I brought Dennis onto the channel to break down exactly how he did this, and in this video, we'll dive into how he built his MVP in just one weekend, his exact Reddit launch strategy that got him sales in minutes, and his playbook on how you can do exactly the same thing if you build apps in proven markets. This story is amazing, and I'm excited to share it with you guys. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. Hi, Dennis. Welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Hello, my name is Dennis. I built Yadaphone. It makes $14,000 a month. I launched it in March 2025, days after Microsoft announced that it was closing Skype, and in under seven months, we've gone from zero customers to 10,000 registered users. Okay, seven months to get to 14,000 MRR is insane. Can you share some more of the numbers behind this very fast growth? So in the first month, when we just launched, Yadaphone made $4,000. Two months three, we've climbed to $10,800, and last month, so on the sixth month of the existence of Yadaphone, it made $13,300. In these seven months in total, we reached more than 10,000 registered users, 4,500 became paying individual customers, and as we also have a B2B segment, we have 20 enterprise clients. In September, Yadaphone users made in total 27,000 calls, and this statistic means that at any given moment in September, somebody was using my website to make a call. Okay, let's dive into this very fast growing app here. It sounds like it's something similar to Skype, but can you explain to me what Yadaphone is and what type of customers use it? Yadaphone lets people make and receive cheap international calls right in browser. International calls are generally very, very expensive. A 10-minute call could easily cost you between $50 and $100, depending on your country and provider. Yadaphone solves this problem by using the voice over IP technology. That means that you can call any mobile or landline number for cents. Our clients are travelers, expats, or just in general businesses that need to make a lot of calls. Yadaphone is a pay-as-you-go international calling service, and that really differs us from most of the other competitors out there, because the others operate on a SaaS model. That means that if you are an individual customer, you need to buy a subscription that usually costs $30 a month or more, and if you're a business, you need to buy a seat or a subscription for each of the members of your organization. We allow businesses to just purchase a certain number of credits, and then all of the organization members of this business can just use this central balance to make calls. Whenever you run out of credits, you can just top them up, and that's it. Okay, before we get into the idea and how you came up with it, I want to know a little bit more about your background. I understand you don't come from a crazy technical background. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? I have no technical background whatsoever. I actually am a trained diplomat, so I used to study for diplomatic work in Russia. Then I moved to Austria. I quickly understood that I wanted to work in a startup as a programmer, so I taught myself how to code in two months, mainly with books and courses. Then I actually started working at the company, and I realized that this is not the thing for me. I want to have my own startup instead of working at somebody else's company. I started to do freelancing to support myself. At any given moment, I was working on something on the side, and my first projects, they were ugly. They had no users. Then slowly with each of them, with each of my projects, I learned one thing or the other. My design started to be better. My code started to be more reliable. With each of the projects, I just learned something new, and eventually it all piled up into this set of skills that ultimately let me build the other phone. I love that. You built a lot of projects, and you built up a lot of skills that eventually led you to the right timing to build something that took off, which ended up being YadaPhone. Can you give me a little bit more details about how you found the idea for YadaPhone? I travel a lot. When it comes to government offices, banks, businesses, migration authorities, they are not on messenger apps. The only way to call them if you need something is physically making a call, and doing it abroad is freaking expensive. I've always been using Skype for that. I've been their loyal client, and then in March 2025, Microsoft announced that they were closing it down. Then I saw a tweet by Peter Levels saying that he and his friends were also using Skype, and he was quite pissed that Microsoft was closing it down. He encouraged people publicly to build a Skype alternative, and I thought, why not me? Turns out I'm not the only person using Skype to make international calls, which I didn't know, and then I just built a quick prototype over the weekend. I launched it on Reddit and X and got my first sales in minutes, which never happened to me before in any of my previous projects. Okay, I mean, that's amazing. You saw an idea on Twitter. You had built up all these skills from all these kind of previous projects, and you decided to build it. Can you go a little bit deeper on how you actually built this app? When I first started building my side projects, I just used React, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, regular stuff. Then Next.js came out, and it turns out that you can build stuff pretty quickly with it. So I used Next.js as a full-stack framework for my application. I used Courser and LLMs, but it doesn't always look great. So I had to correct a lot of things and tweak stuff on the design side manually. Okay, what I love about this story, Dennis, is that you built this tool in just one weekend. You didn't spend months planning or overthinking the idea. You had already built the skills. Now it was time to just execute. You built a simple landing page, and you just launched it. And this is proof that when you actually learn to build and ship, your life can change in just one weekend. And this is exactly what we do inside Starter Story Build. It's our program where you will learn how to build and launch your project using AI coding tools in just a couple weeks. The best part is that you don't even need to know how to code. You can just show up, follow our building framework, and finally ship that idea to the world. Our next AI Build Bootcamp is starting this week. So if you are ready to build, head to the first link in the description to claim your spot. All right, let's get back to the interview. Okay, so you mentioned that you've launched this, and you got users overnight. That's obviously not the case for a lot of people watching this. They've probably built stuff, and that didn't happen. So tell me the exact things you did that made this app successful so quickly. Back then, I didn't have any social media audience whatsoever. I used to have 60 followers on Twitter for years, but I knew how Reddit works. And the thing about Reddit is that you can get millions of impressions without having any followers at all. I launched products on it before. I got blocked a lot, but I knew how to write stuff up, which subs to target, which tone of voice to use. So I decided to launch primarily on Reddit. My first post was just screenshots of the core functionality of my app, which I think really made it stand out. It was a very simple and clean web dialer interface and a couple of sentences about the product. I wrote to the subreddits for travelers because I thought that this is my main core audience. I got blocked there really fast, and it was quite demotivating. But before I got blocked, I had enough time for the users to see my post. The most crazy thing is that I got the first sales minutes after my first Reddit post. I've never seen anything like that before, and that was a clear sign that my idea was validated. Then I started posting regularly on subreddits for entrepreneurs. A very good thing about entrepreneur subreddits is that there you can, first of all, showcase your project, promote your project yourself, and you can also post links to your projects, and you don't get blocked for this. In the first week, I got 150 users. Okay, so that's amazing. You posted on Reddit, it got blocked, but you still got paying users. I'm curious, you had a bunch of apps that you built before. They clearly didn't have this sort of validation or traction. What do you think you did right or got right with YottaPhone? I think the key thing about this idea is that it's not an idea at all. It's a validated market, which was first validated with the tweet by Peter Levels I saw, and then by sales I got from my Reddit posts. And apart